the dream of the next Doc is alive the
dream that I'm talking about is the
dream to use your phone as your computer
I've covered a few NEX docks on short
circuit and LTT over the years and they
have a new one now it's the NEX do XL if
you're unaware the next do is a laptop
like Bare Bones kit there's no computer
in here per se you're supposed to
connect your phone or anything else that
has HD Mi output and use it as a monitor
slash keyboard trackpad touchcreen so
we're going to get all into that first I
want to see what's in the box here so
you got your charging and connection
guide they're still making things with
mini HDMI I actually didn't know that
but you get a HDMI to Mini HDMI cord
that looks about what 3T 4T there is a o
like a flat USB typc Toc and it has 20
gbits per second printed on it you've
also got a longer us BC Toc this is a
45w power adapter to charge the 49w hour
battery inside the laptop itself and
then you also have a region adapter for
I think this is Europe right here I'm
holding Europe in my hands and Korea
they also like regulation I like the
brushed Metal finish on here bit
fingerprint but I also have hair product
on my hands which is just something to
keep in mind um we might as well look at
the ports while we're here though on
this side we've got the power button a
Micro SD card slot and a usba a port and
a headphone jack on the other side we've
got two USBC ports and the mini HDMI
port now that one is used for display in
obviously oh I should also say you don't
need to use the wired connection uh to
control the keyboard and trackpad
because this also supports Wireless like
the last version okay let's open her up
I'm I'm actually excited yeah it's very
stiff hinge wow that is a completely
different layout keyboard on the left
trackpad on the right you either like it
or you don't I think that it's okay
first questions okay my biggest
complaints about the last next do were
the keyboard Flex ooh ooh next do you
listen to me I feel so heard thank you
clickiness of the keys very nice tactile
bump up here I believe is a wireless
charging pad for your phone which is why
you need this magnetic
uh Circle ooh yeah cuz like that's where
I put it okay let's see if I just
eyeballed it is that will it do it okay
so you can just eyeball it and it seems
like it'll charge nice okay let's
complete the hardware tour here just
like last time it's got a nice you know
sturdy hinge it'll stay pretty much at
whatever angle you want there's a little
bit of wobble to it and yeah you can go
all the way around and use it like that
if you want okay we're going to plug
something something in and we're going
to see if the phone as a PC dream lives
on after this message from our sponsor
but sometimes you need a little bit more
than just a laptop to get your real work
done that's why I have made the brand
new and super versatile LTT laptop bag
it features a padded micro suede laptop
holder which just feels so soft and also
has loads of pockets and Loops designed
specifically for your charger your mouse
and all of your other accessories
adapters and CA this is all in a bag
that's not much bigger than a sleeve or
smaller than many that I have seen it
even comes with detachable shoulder and
Luggage straps that you can easily tuck
away check it out now on LTT store.com
so like I said before you can connect
pretty much anything with a display out
to this machine a phone another Windows
device if you want a second monitor some
of these new gaming handhelds so you
have a bigger screen for your steam deck
or your windows based handheld or
whatever but for today's video I'm going
to use a Samsung Galaxy alal s23 Ultra
you can use a USBC cable you can connect
wirelessly via mirrorcast I believe it
is and then Bluetooth for the touchpad
and the keyboard and you can also swipe
down here with two fingers to show
settings nice and there's the display
information right there we're running at
1080p display at 60 HZ I believe 60 HZ
is only going to be over wired and
wireless is going to be 30 I'm going to
do wireless first all right so wireless
display but I can use a touchpad on the
phone yeah okay we're in the
trackpad is working it
is very choppy but you know this is why
I want to do wireless first most of the
time if you have your phone right here
you might as well plug it in but I guess
they're like you know maybe if you're if
your if your cabl being buggy or
something there's always the option to
use wireless as a fallback I can't see
the freaking cursor jeez that's annoying
I can already give my verdict on the
trackpad the wireless connection for the
trackpad is not usable I'm sorry I'm
sorry next do I wonder if it's any
better if I use the phone as a as a
touchpad Samsung should have thought
about this that I have Sticky Fingers
I'm constantly stealing things nobody
said that the phone is a PC thing would
be great okay let's get wired dude yes
yes and ooh oh that Mouse feels so much
better honestly if the background if the
default background wasn't like super
dark I wouldn't be so frustrated right
now but I literally when the cursor is
over here I literally just the cursor is
right here right now you can't see it so
there's stuff there's there's cursor
settings in in the Samsung settings but
not for decks this is not a video about
decks regardless of my frustrations with
like decks and the kind of just ease of
use things that they still have to add
the touchpad is leagues better than the
last one there was a big problem with
ghost touches maybe because it's over on
the right side now
so maybe that was a big reason why they
moved it over I don't know regardless
that problem is uh largely fixed
keyboard is very responsive and I
honestly like this keyboard it's clicky
it's tactile it's responsive what else
do you want and it doesn't Flex you know
it it again it says nothing about next
do but it says something about this
dream that I'm still I still believe in
there was another ghost touch there was
another ghost touch the ghost touches
are still there please upgrade the
trackpad please please please please I
am like a Believer I want to go and plug
my phone into a lapt and use it as my
computer there will be a previous there
will be a video sometime in the future
where we make this work by sheer force
of will there's a there's a shortcut to
go to the multitasking menu but I I I
they were the shortcuts were bad so I
didn't remember what they were um maybe
it freaked out because I I you know
switched the audio out
put what is this where are we what
that's an ad I go to YouTube I search
crab Rave I get this is an
ad and then the search results and then
another huge
ad all right we're back we're back show
me what you
got
please yep turning it up and down on the
phone affects the volume on the next
dock okay okay all right based on my
very subjective uh analysis comparing
that to my memory of how it sounded the
last time I remember saying last time
that the speakers were not good my
immediate reaction to these is not that
they're not good they're not great but
they're fine they sound like more
powerful phone speakers maybe you know
you're not going to be like powering a
house party with with the Vibes with the
with the with the jams coming from your
lap dock accessory okay so like I said
it's a 1080p display uh it's running at
60 HZ over the wired connection
according to NEX do it only gets up to
300 nits so I find myself in a similar
situation uh with the NEX do XL here
that I was uh with the NEX do wireless
and the model before that which is that
it's still cool it's still inspiring
it's still something that I want deep
inside myself that came out
wrong this is a imperfect way to realize
this dream it is encouraging to see the
changes that NEX stock has made
particularly to the keyboard it's less
flexy it's it's a tactile it's nice to
type on ghosting issue is still there
sometimes you move the the cursor around
and then you accidentally touch it and
it just jumps to the other side of the
of the screen I also didn't say in the
beginning of the video that it feels
heftier it feels less like kind of just
a plastic shell and more like there's
something in there uh which is the
battery which is another unfortunate
aspect of this they quoted at 7 plus
hours of battery life which is
disappointing there's no computer in
here to suck battery life so I'm not
sure what's what's going on there it's
only a 49w hour battery so next dock
please upgrade the touchpad model put a
bigger battery in there normal next do
wireless 13in version is $300 this one
is
329 330 all in all it's nice to see them
drop the price a little bit and make it
a little bit more affordable make that
argument for getting one of these and
using your phone or another device
instead of like a Chromebook a bit more
compelling please keep going next stock
please early adopters enthusiasts if
you're into this dream as I am pick one
up Tinker around everyone else should
probably not buy this but it's for it's
for the faithful we can do this we can
do this together and you can subscribe
to short circuit for more videos like
this one if you're interested in
watching another video uh which I think
you are uh watch my last next do video